[USHIYAMA groaning]
[USHIYAMA moaning]
[BOY 38A] You look hungry!
Here, I'll feed you!
Come on!
Don't you want some yummy moss?
From what I hear, his dad is the
owner of some mining company!
You must think that you're too
good to eat moss balls, huh?
Wait! You guys really
eat that for food?
I guess you gotta do
stuff like that to survive
when you're poor.
[BOYS]
Huh...?
Anyone there?
Somebody, please, help me!
I'm gonna freeze to death
once the sun goes down.
[USHIYAMA moaning]
Pussy...
'Scuse me... Would you
help untie me from here?
[stomach growling]
Hungry...
[CHIYOTAROU] Hold on! You want
something to eat, right?
I've got some food right here!
They're dried peaches!
I'll give you some
if you let me down!
Peaches...?
[CHIYOTAROU]
They're good!
My grandfather in Yamanashi
sends them to me.
[USHIYAMA]
Hmm...
[moaning]
See? It's tasty, huh?
So can you untie me from here?
'Kay...
Thanks!
H-Hold on a second!
What are you doing?!
[USHIYAMA grunting]
[groaning]
I didn't mean that,
but it works!
Thank you for saving me!
Peaches...
You're crazy strong!
I'm Chiyotarou!
What's your name?
Me am pussy.
Pussy, huh?
That's certainly a unique name!
Here's an idea,
why don't you work for me?
You can have as many dried
peaches as you want!
Me am pussy...
All right!
I've got a personal bodyguard,
the Pussy Monster!
[laughing]
[SEKIYA]
As one of the Shinsengumi,
he's survived brutal
battles in Kyoto.
And again at the
Battle of Hakodate.
Then managed to
escape from Abashiri.
Toshizou Hijikata.
How can a man such as him
be fated to die like this?
[gasps]
Ushiyama's gone?
Impossible!
How could he dig himself out
with that much poison
in his system?
It seems I underestimated him!
Although, it'll take at least
another 12 hours for
the datura to
completely wear off.
So, I still have some time.
And he probably won't
remember this place.
[CHIYOTAROU]
Hey, Pussy! Are you there?
I brought you some food!
[USHIYAMA]
Meow...
You gonna be okay out here?
I'm sorry. I wish I could take
you home with me, but I can't.
[USHIYAMA groans]
[CHIYOTAROU]
Anyway! Let's go ice skating!
If you don't know how,
don't worry, I'll show you!
[INNKEEPER 38A] Excuse me, sir!
You need to wake up!
[KADOKURA groans]
What...?
[INNKEEPER 38A] Somebody came by
just now and said that we should
give this to a "Chief
Warden Kadokura."
And how does this
mysterious delivery person
happen to know my name?
[INNKEEPER 38A] Don't ask me!
I'll just leave it over here.
[KADOKURA grunts]
[KADOKURA]
Hmm...?
[gasps]
Wait a sec!
Nagakura!
He already left.
[KADOKURA]
Aw, where'd he go?
[KIRAWUS] He said a tanuki
like you was useless.
Then he went off on his own.
Just like I thought.
Sekiya somehow managed
to kidnap Hijikata.
And sent over a ransom
note for his return.
[SEKIYA] The fugu poison has put
him into a coma-like state.
Even though his
breathing is shallow,
he'll have a few
hours of air at most.
I'll tell them his location,
in exchange for all the
tattooed skins they have.
There's no proof
he's still alive.
Are you sure
we can trust Sekiya?
Actually, this is
his standard M.O.
It's his methodology.
He normally acts alone,
so he can't watch the hostages.
That's why he buries
them before he goes
and collects the ransom money.
He's a cautious one.
Never kills the
hostages outright.
The way he sees it,
if they survive,
that's the way it
was fated to be.
Nagakura was holding
onto the tattooed skins.
We need to find him.
Damn it all, we don't have much
time before we have to meet
Sekiya for the exchange!
If we don't hand over the skins
to him, Hijikata's gonna die!
[USHIYAMA]
Moo...!
That's incredible!
You're a total natural at this!
[NARRATOR] What Ushiyama has
on his feet are geta skates!
Also known as "gerori."
They were enormously popular
in Hokkaido in the latter half
of the Edo period!
--[USHIYAMA] ♪ Moo! ♪
--[CHIYOTAROU] Whoa...
[BOY 38B]
Hey, rich kid.
[BOY 38B] Didn't we warn you not
to play around here anymore?
Maybe you're hungry for
some more moss balls?
[BOYS]
Hmm?
Huh...?
--[gasping]
--Huh? What?
[chuckles]
This is Pussy.
[moaning]
[CHIYOTAROU]
Crouch down, will ya?
And he's my new bodyguard!
[whimpering]
[chuckling]
What's wrong, huh?
I thought you were gonna
try to feed me a moss ball?
Take this!
These lowlifes aren't
worth our time.
Let's go play somewhere else.
I'm tired of the poors.
--[USHIYAMA snarls]
--[BOY 38A yelps]
[gasps]
[BOY 38A groaning]
Oh! Wait! Stop!
Please, forgive me!
[CHIYOTAROU]
Let him go, Pussy!
--[USHIYAMA grunts]
--[BOY 38B] Wah--!
--[USHIYAMA snarling]
--[whining]
[gasps] Stop it!
You don't have to do that!
Here! Have a peach slice!
It's your favorite, right?!
That's enough!
[USHIYAMA]
Mm. Peaches...
[BOYS sobbing]
[CHIYOTAROU]
This is really bad...
I didn't realize that my Pussy
Monster could be so dangerous!
With his strength,
he's basically a deadly weapon!
I have to get rid of him...
[KIRAWUS panting]
[KADOKURA]
Kirawus, wait up!
Let's stop and take a break.
I can't run anymore...
[panting]
Please. I'm gonna die
before he does.
Ugh. Get it together.
We have to find
Nagakura Nispa right now!
I'm telling you, we don't
have time to track him down!
It's not like Sekiya knows how
many tattooed skins we have
in our possession, right?
The two of us
will have to wing it!
Maybe we can bluff him into
telling us where Hijikata is.
What do you mean, "wing it"?
We're pretty much
guaranteed to fail
if we don't have a real plan.
[KADOKURA]
Obviously!
But I don't hear you coming up
with any brilliant ideas!
Nothing? Yeah,
that's what I thought.
You broke-ass!
That's rich coming from
you of all people.
Mister Asshole Inspector.
[CHIYOTAROU] It's up to me
to protect my town!
♪ Boy-tarou! ♪
Moo!
[CHIYOTAROU]
I can't wait any longer!
[NARRATOR] At the bottom of Lake
Akan lies a natural hot spring.
When the surface of the lake
freezes over, there are places
called "steam pots"
where holes form.
Pussy. Over here!
[SEKIYA]
You came, Chief Warden Kadokura.
Take off your clothes,
and slide them to me.
I want to be sure
that you're unarmed.
Yeah, well, I stuffed
a hunting rifle up my ass.
Wanna come over
and take a look, Sekiya?
[KADOKURA] I expected something
like this from him.
He's nothing if not cautious.
[KADOKURA]
Pretty smart.
He purposely chose this spot
in the middle of the lake
for the exchange.
We're at least a kilometer away
from the closest bank.
At that kind of distance, he's
way out of range for a sniper
[SEKIYA]
So. Where are the skins?
[KADOKURA]
Don't worry. I brought them.
They're hidden inside my coat.
Just know if you try
anything, the deal's off,
and Hijikata dies.
[laughs]
Well, we wouldn't want that.
Were you just
looking for someone?
[gasps]
Who, me?
No, I wasn't.
[SEKIYA] Let me guess, the Ainu
who was with you is hiding
on the opposite bank.
[SEKIYA] And that blade that
you've got wedged in your ass.
It belongs to him, doesn't it?
[KADOKURA]
Hmm!
My father made this,
and it's very important to me.
Careful with it.
Tell me, where are
you gonna hide it?
Right. Got just the place.
Why aren't you telling me?
I'm assuming that your
half-cocked plan was to force me
to give up Toshizou
Hijikata's location?
[sighs] You're as crude as ever.
I should've known.
[KADOKURA]
Hmm.
So, Kadokura,
I'd like to ask you.
Do you think God truly exists?
Hey! If you don't hurry up,
I'm gonna throw this
peach away, you hear me?
--Come get it!
--[USHIYAMA] Huh...?
Come on! This is your
last chance to have it!
[bellows]
[sobbing, whimpering]
Good! Here you go!
♪ Moo! ♪
I'm so sorry!
Ahmm...!
Please forgive me, Pussy!
I'll never forget you!
[gasps]
Gerori!
[SEKIYA grunts]
[KADOKURA grunts]
Damn it, he's trying to escape!
Get back here, Sekiya!
[KADOKURA]
Gotcha, fuckface.
That's rich coming from
you of all people.
Mister Asshole Inspector.
Yeah? Well, you got
any better ideas?
I'm listening! See?
It's not easy to
come up with a plan!
First, we'll deliberately screw
up the deal and spook him
into running.
Then, I'll secretly follow him
as he goes back to the hostages.
He won't just ditch
Ushiyama and Hijikata Nispa.
He still needs their skins.
All right! Sounds good!
[KADOKURA] There wasn't anyone
behind me! You fell for it!
Sekiya will run for the
farthest edge of the lake,
maximizing the
distance between us.
I'll pretend to chase him,
but I'll actually be corralling
him towards Kirawus.
Yes! All according to my plan!
[KADOKURA]
Come back here!
[gasps]
What the--?
[USHIYAMA]
Hmm?
[NARRATOR] At that very
moment, the last remnants
of datura left
Ushiyama's system!
Sekiya! You bastard!
Wait, Ushiyama?!
What's going on here?!
We've been looking for you, and
this is where you were hiding?
Oh, crap! This is bad!
He's turning around, Kadokura!
[SEKIYA grunts]
[KADOKURA grunting]
Ow! Ah! My skin's coming off!
[whimpering]
I knew everything
was going too well.
This really sucks
[KADOKURA] Ushiyama!
I'm glad to see you're okay!
Did you get kidnapped, too?
How'd you escape?
And do you remember
where he was keeping you?
[USHIYAMA groaning]
I don't know.
I just woke up with my head
poking outta the ice.
It's all a blur.
But I'd bet anything that whore
was in on it.
Last thing I remember,
she put something in my drink,
saying that it'd make me
hard as a rock.
Yeah, you think,
Dick-for-brains?
Betrayed by
another prostitute...
[KADOKURA]
Huh...?
[KADOKURA] This looks just like
the white cocoon that I found
near where Hijikata
was last seen.
For one of these to fall out of
your jacket after you lost
your memory
and went missing,
that could only mean one thing.
It's yet another coincidence!
A silkworm cocoon. Huh.
It's cold...
It could give us a clue
about where he was kept.
Perhaps one of
the silkworm farms.
Normally, people don't raise
silkworms in the winter,
so most of the buildings
are empty right now.
I figured it out!
All the clues we've collected so
far have been strung together.
By a silkworm's thread!
[KIRAWUS] The closest
silkworm farms are that way.
But, there's another one
on this side of the lake.
Right. We're almost out of time.
So, we'll split up and look
for signs of Sekiya!
There you are! Tell me
where you're hiding Hijikata.
I've had enough of your games!
I'm amazed that
you found this place.
Impressive,
Chief Warden Kadokura.
Don't underestimate the great
mind of Detective Kadokura!
[SEKIYA]
Fine. This way.
[KADOKURA]
Hmm?
Uh...?
[SEKIYA] I was trying this
out before you interrupted me.
It's a simply
marvelous invention.
It identifies the sex of
silkworms while they're
in their cocoons, using their
weight to distinguish them.
[KADOKURA]
Hmm...
[SEKIYA] This farm has a
different room for each step
of the process.
In total, there are over ten
rooms between the two buildings.
Toshizou Hijikata is
buried under one of them.
As your reward for
tracking me down.
I'll make a deal
with you, Kadokura.
Half of the cocoons on this
wheel contain fatal amounts
of poison.
Wolfsbane, fugu poison,
strychnine, and arsenic.
But the ones that lie directly
opposite are safe.
You'll choose one
of the cocoons.
And then, I'll take the one
on the other side.
If I take the poison.
I'll tell you where Hijikata is
buried before I die.
And if you take
a poisoned cocoon,
I promise that I'll spare
his life and let him walk free.
I already told you, I'm not
gonna play your games!
Are you sure?
If I had to guess, I'd say
he's almost out of time.
Maybe 30 minutes at most.
[SEKIYA] I quite enjoy
observing the fates of people
who have incredible willpower.
I'm certain, if the path you
follow truly is the right one,
fate will be on your side,
allowing you to pass this trial.
I finally get it now.
You're not after the skins.
And you couldn't care less
who ends up finding the gold.
We're the ones you want.
You're using the gold
to lure us out.
[KADOKURA] It doesn't look
like I have a choice.
Sekiya's obsessed
with these tests of luck
he calls "trials."
I was born under a bad star.
So, I'm pretty much guaranteed
to make the
worst possible choice.
Even if only one of the cocoons
on the wheel had poison in it,
that's definitely
the one I'd pick.
[KADOKURA]
But still... I don't care.
As long as I can
save Hijikata's life,
it doesn't matter what
might happen to me!
[SEKIYA]
Since we're just waiting,
I hope you don't mind
if I tell you a story.
It was a Sunday morning
when it happened.
[SEKIYA] My daughter and I
were walking home together.
I remember she was running
along right in front of me.
[SEKIYA] Then, something
exploded next to us.
And the force knocked me out.
[SEKIYA groans]
[SEKIYA] My daughter had lost
her legs, and part of her head.
Only later, did I
understand what happened.
We'd been struck by lightning.
[SEKIYA] Why did fate
choose my daughter to die?
And why was I made to live on?
Is what we call
"luck" just God's will?
If someone like me has managed
to stay alive all this time,
wouldn't that mean there
is no such thing as God?
--[thud]
--[KADOKURA groans]
If it started to kick
in around ten minutes,
you took wolfsbane.
I took the poison...
Keep your promise...
...and let Hijikata live.
Of course, I'll dig him out now.
Wait, before you leave...
...I wanna know...
What'll happen to me?
[SEKIYA]
You'll suffer for several hours.
[groans]
Of course, that's just my luck.
[KADOKURA] You'll have
to forgive me, Hijikata.
But I can't accompany
you any further.
[SEKIYA] Unfortunately,
he's too useful to let go.
I'll move him while the poison
is still in his system.
Then, I'll set up another trial.
In case Ushiyama or
the Ainu find me again.
--[HIJIKATA grunts]
--[SEKIYA rasps]
[SEKIYA grunts]
It seems the time I spent as
a young man selling medicine
wasn't a waste after all.
As we find ourselves
in turbulent times,
luck alone isn't
enough to survive.
[KADOKURA]
Huh...?
I'm feeling better now
for some reason.
[NARRATOR] When Kadokura tried
to end his suffering with
more poison, the two
cocoons he grabbed both
contained doses of fugu.
While wolfsbane and fugu
tetrodotoxin are deadly
on their own, when
taken at the same time,
each poison
neutralizes the other!
Through an incredible
stroke of luck, he had ingested
just the right amount
of fugu poison to counteract
the wolfsbane in his body,
saving his life!
As for Toshizou Hijikata.
Before losing consciousness
from the fugu,
he took the silkworm cocoons
and found the wolfsbane
that would neutralize
the poison!
[SEKIYA] He figured out that he
ate the fugu poison,
and then immediately
took wolfsbane?!
But how was he able to tell it
apart from the other cocoons...?
He could've picked
the arsenic or strychnine!
[HIJIKATA] In that situation,
doing nothing would've meant
certain death. I had to grasp
at any chance of survival.
Luckily, my gamble paid off.
It seems courage and experience
brought fate to my side.
That's impossible...
Unless that was
some kind of miracle...
Yes... It had to have been!
Which means that God is real!
Wouldn't you say so...?
Hijikata...?
Finally... God has decided
to pass his judgment upon me...
[KADOKURA] He killed so many
people in search of an answer
that would reconcile his faith
and his daughter's
sudden, unfortunate death.
And in his grief and rage, he
made himself into a monster.
Because in his mind, losing
his daughter was a form of
divine punishment
given to him by God.
Well, I don't know
anything about God.
I'm only interested in
the affairs of mankind.
What determines a person's worth
lies in how they choose to live.
Not in some higher power.
Hopefully, we can put
his tattoos to good use.
It'd be nice to get
something good out of this.
He's late. He's probably fine.
[BOYS]
Huh? Hmm?
[CHIYOTAROU growls]
[gasping, yelling]
[gasps]
[CHIYOTAROU]
Pussy... Thank you.
I'll always remember you!
[NARRATOR] Next time:
"The Smell of Sulfur"!